makeserver			new server
makebuffer			new buffer
channel(_?)init		new channel
joined_channel		joined channel (duh)
parted_channel		have a guess.
quit				uhh, quit?
buffer_msg			message
buffer_me_message	/me
nickchange			changed nick
isupport_params		some sorta server data
end_of_backlog		obvious
channel_topic		topic changed
user_channel_mode	channel mode changed
notice				server notice
server_welcome		server being kind
server_yourhost		and heres your host...
server_created		server being boring
myinfo				extra server junk
motd_response		message of the day
server_luserclient	number of users
server_luserop		number of opers
server_luserchannels	number of channels
server_luserme		number of clients/servers
self_details		stuff bout yo' self
server_luserunknown	something bout unknown
socket_closed		uh, socket closed?
nickname_in_use		nick is in use
you_nickchange		users nick changed
you_joined_channel	user joined a channel
channel_mode_is		initial channel mode
channel_mode		mode changed
server_n_local		local users and max
server_n_global		global users and max
server_no_motd		no motd
user_mode			users mode changed
connecting_failed	obvious
quit_server			disconnect from server
rehashed_config		config rehashed
services_down		services are down
unparsed_line		unknown/unparsed line
server_snomask		server notice mask
you_are_operator	youre an operator!
inviting_to_channel	invite user
